# AI Admin

Hi there and welcome to Gupshup Academy. Today we will be looking at the
latest features of AI Admin. So whenever you want to create an
Artificial Intelligence workspace, we click on Bot Studio and then we
navigate to AI Admin. Over here first of all all of your previous
workspaces are visible, so either you can click and edit any one of

## Workspace & NLU Management

these or you can also click on Create a new workspace from scratch. Now
I have just for the sake of demo, I already have one workspace created
over here, so let\'s walk through this. Over here we have five to six
tabs seven to eight tabs and then we can also change this workspace,
rename it and click on save. Then just to explain these tabs, intent is
something intent basically refers to an action that a person would like
to perform. Say for example a person saying I want to book a hotel room
in Delhi for two people on this particular date. So booking a hotel is
an intent and all the property values mapped to that particular intent
like which hotel, which particular date, how many rooms, how many
people, all this is referred to as entities. So an intent is an action
and all the properties related to that intent are referred to as
entities. You can click on Create intent, you can give it a description
and then you can also generate utterances which is being generated by
AI. So if at all I write I want to book a flight and click on Generate
utterances, it basically will generate multiple types of examples in
which I can ask to book a flight. Then there\'s one as soon as you train
something in the content section, one intent by itself gets created by
its own, which is referred to as FAQ. So if at all you\'re creating an
FAQ bot, you don\'t have to create intent for FAQ. It\'s already there
by default. If at all I click on entities, over here you can create
entities which are mapped to those intents. So if at all I click on
Create, I can give it a name and description and then I can map the
intent to which I want to to whichever I want to map it to. Say for
example in additional parameters I can also enter sample values or
alternative values just for better training. So that is also a
possibility.

## Content Training & Scrapers

If at all I click on Content tab, this is where you can train the AI workspace in multiple formats. So either you can also click
on any one of these URLs, click on Enter and click on Save and train.
You can also define to what extent do you want to scrape this URL to. Do
you only want to get it trained on the provided page or should it be
unlimited depth or should it be only seven pages. You can also train it
in the by train it in the form of PDF, TXT and CSV files as well. Or you
can also put out text input. So in this case just for example I\'ve
trained it on short input on some text on based on Indian heritage. Okay
and I have trained it. Teach this is where you can teach your bot
multiple utterances just for better training. So just to explain this
particular concept, say for example there\'s a new joiner in your
office, in that case you can you train them by you know telling them
that in various types of situation examples ways a question can be
asked, right? So teach is nothing but that. So if at all I click on
Teach sample, this is a a sample CSV file in which you can train the bot
on sample utterances. So you can simply give it a question number, you
can give it a name and you can also map the intent around it and you can
also map the entities around it. So this is very less used but still
there\'s an option for it just so that you can train it by uploading a
CSV.

## Evaluation & LLM Settings

Then we also have Evaluate. So if at all you train the workspace on
any content, so you can also evaluate just and this is basically the
evaluation of accuracy. So this is one of the workspaces that I already
created. So if at all you click on Generate Q&A via prompt, over here
you can simply enter the prompt that tell me about the stock market
course. So it will generate five to ten whatever the number of question
count you enter over here, it will generate those number of questions.
You can then refer to those questions and decide whether the accuracy of
this workspace is acceptable or not. So say for example I click on this,
this is a these are a few set of question and answers that I got
generated just to define the accuracy of of my training. Over here I can
refer to all these questions and I can define whether this is acceptable
or not. Then we also have settings with regards to AI Admin. So I\'ll
switch back to this tab. We also have settings, so if at all I click on
Edit settings, I can also export and import entities and intents. Which
is again very less widely used but we still have a functionality for
that. So all these intents these are majorly created through the intent
tabs and entity tabs but they can also be exported or imported. Then you
can also enter workspace instructions for answers whether these should
whether many emojis should be used or not used, whether the answer type
should be short or long things like that. And then we also have LLM
configurations for responses. So if at all I click on this, there are
the four versions wherein we are using different combinations of open
LLM APIs just to create different types of workspaces. And then we also
have setting up selection of answer type whether it should be short or
long and then we also have precision threshold wherein you can define
how confident the bot should feel before it answers any question. Say
for example if at all this precision threshold is switched to 90 and you
ask an agent a question, in that case the agent will not respond to that
question until and unless it is 90% sure about about the answer. So it
is that\'s why it is generally kept around 30 just so that the bot does
not become too much strict. And then we also have language settings and
then in developer settings, this is where we have a workspace
configurator just for additional flexibility.

## AI Agent Configuration (Personality/Skills)

And then finally the this is one of the newest features in AI Admin, which is the AI agent tab.
This was previously in beta and now available on console. So over here
you can now create your own custom AI agents workspaces by yourself. So
we have four tabs in these AI agents. Okay first of all you give it a
personality, if at all I click on Edit, you can give it a name, you can
choose the behavior whether it should be professional and positive,
clever and playful, respectful and persuasive or empathetic and
supportive. So whatever is whatever suits your use case best, you can
select any one of these. And then you can also choose the language style
whether it should be straightforward, sophisticated or technical. And
then whether the bot agent should use ok emoticons frequently or never
or occasionally. In this case I\'ll say frequently. And then you can
also set up a custom greeting message. This is the first message that
the AI agent will send whenever a customer says hi to it. Now in the
second tab this this is where all the use case orchestration in done for
AI agents. In my skills if at all I click on Edit, you can give it a
name again and then you can give it a description wherein you can enter
describe your use case in very short words and then the AI will generate
utterances for itself. So in this case I say you are an FAQ agent which
helps users by answering queries based on Indian history. Okay as soon
as I click Generate instructions, skill objective, engagement rules,
guardrails, tools, this is these are all the tabs were filled by the
agent itself according to my intent, according to my description. Now
again I can click on any one of these and I can review all the prompts
that the AI agent wrote for itself. And then I can tweak if at all I
think there might be any changes required in any of these prompts, then
I can do that. In a very simple language I can also enter all the
instructions that I want. Say for example I can say always answer in a
very humble manner, right? So in just in similar ways wherein you
communicate with your friends, you can simply write give instructions in
the prompt editor to the AI workspace. There\'s no strict format that
has to be followed. So just to walk through this as well. In skill
objective you can actually give the agent its personality what actually
who actually the agent is. In engagement rules you can actually define
in what manner should the agent engage with the end users, right? And
then we also have tools wherein any kind of operation that needs to be
performed, that is done via tools. So in structured journeys we do API
integrations and in AI agents we have tools, okay? So tools are
equivalent of API integrations. So you can write any tool to perform any
kind of a function, say for example you\'re collecting some information
and you want to send it to some CRM, a tool can be used to do that. So
and let\'s also see how it is used. In this case I\'ve written use
\@get_faq_answer_tool to fetch answers from the training data. So this
tool basically performs this particular function that it makes the AI
agent fetch answers from the training data. I can also say use
\@search_api to fetch answers from the open web in case not found in the
training data. So any any kind of instructions related to tools can be
input over here. And then we also have a skill completion criteria
wherein you can define the goal of the agent as well. So if at all I
click on edit, this particular workspace will get saved. Now
additionally we also have we also have a separate tab for tools. So
these are the few tools that have been generated by default. Then I can
also click on add tool, give it a description and we also have a a UI
wherein you can enter the API endpoints and write the code for it. So
any kind of use cases which requires any custom development on tools,
that can also be done through the console itself. And then finally we
have settings wherein we have four four options over here. So this is
where all the LLM configuration can be done and we can or this is where
we can also fine tune how our AI model generates responses by generating
key parameters like max tokens, temperature or top P. First of all we
have models so wherein we have two options, GPT-4O or GPT-4O mini. And
then we have max tokens, temperature and top P. So max tokens basically
set the max tokens setting controls the length of the AI responses. So
basically a higher value allows a longer more detailed answers while a
lower value keeps the responses short and to the point. And over here
the limit is set to 1000 which means that this particular AI can
generate fairly detailed replies within that particular limit. Then for
temperature this basically influences the randomness of the AI\'s
response. So a lower value like 0.1 makes the AI more predictable and
factual and basically it makes sure that it is sticking closely to the
known information. And a higher temperature closer to one maybe makes
responses more creative and a little varied. Okay then we also have top
P this basically controls how diverse the AI choices of words are gonna
be. So a value of zero maybe means that it picks up the most probable
word, right? It won\'t be that much creative, while a higher value might
include a little more variety. So let\'s also once all of these settings
are done and you go back over here there there will be an option for
testing the workspace. So in this case I\'ll switch to this particular
environment and if at all I go back wherein I have created this
workspace and trained it on a similar data. Now I can go back to AI
agent, I can click on skills and I can basically write hi over here
I\'ll get my greeting message and then I can start asking questions
based on the use case. So maybe I\'ll say tell me about the Indian
festivals. So now since this has been trained on a lot of text, it will
be able to send me out information. Now this particular workspace has
been made and this can be now attached to any channel, okay? It can be
done on WhatsApp, web, Instagram, anywhere using the Bot Studio. So yeah
that was it and thanks for watching.
