# WA

## Managing WhatsApp Opt-ins

## Profile & Account Details

## Webhook Configuration

## Account Health & Stream Updates

Hello everyone, welcome to yet another session on Gupshup Conversation
Cloud stack and today we'll discuss how brands can manage their WhatsApp
profile through the platform. So, once you are logged in, you have to
navigate to Channels. Under Channels, you have to go under WhatsApp, and
there you see multiple tabs. The first tab is Opt-in, which is a user
guide to manage opt-ins or to get opt-ins from the user. Because it's
necessary for a brand to get opt-ins to reach out to their users for any
conversation or communications, right? So, there are multiple ways how
you can start managing opt-ins. One is the business-managed mechanism,
where it can be through a short link, as you can see. It's a "wa.me"
link, or it can be a QR code which can be generated by a business to
manage opt-ins. And then there is the Gupshup-managed mechanism, where
we have opt-in and opt-out APIs. These can be configured to manage the
database of users who have opted in for future conversations with the
brands. Now there are some smart mechanisms to get opt-ins from the
users. There are multiple strategies to begin with. You can have a QR
code embedded, and this QR code can be on a banner. It can be on any
physical purview where you can have a QR code embed. Once a user will
scan the QR code, they will be landed to a WhatsApp screen and then can
start engaging with the brands, right? Or you can have a web visit on a
website. Once the user clicks on that, you can get opt-ins. And then the
other way is to have it on a URL to initiate a WhatsApp chat. And there
is a provision from Gupshup to get opt-ins on SMS as well. A user can
send a message in the format like this. Okay, where the keyword will be
"opt-in" and then the app ID, right? These are some numbers provided
where users can send. And brands can start getting the opt-in database
of opt-in users. Now, I'll move to Profile, where business can see their
details. Like business description, under which category the account has
been created, what's the business website, right? And this is basically
like WhatsApp Business account details. They can see WhatsApp Business
Account ID, phone number, and then they can see contact details. This is
basically required by Gupshup to connect with the brands. So here brands
will see the email ID, contact number, and contact name for
communications, right? Moving to webhooks, basically, these are like
callback URLs. These are required if brands need to get events. These
events can be message events. Like if the message has been sent and the
business wants to capture that, so they can give a webhook name and the
callback URL. Gupshup will send that event back to the brands, right? So
there are multiple message events like sent, delivered, read, delete,
and so forth, right? Similarly, there are some system events, like
template events or account-related events. So, any information that
brands need on the callback URL, this is the place where it is
configured. Right. Moving to Account, this is a place where brands can
track their overall WhatsApp Business Account. They can know whether
they are on an MM-lite or they are still a non-MM-lite type. Right. And
then they can see overall account details, like phone number, what's the
entity name, display name, etc.. And on top of it, they can see the
overall health of the WhatsApp account, right? So, they can see the
account status, whether it's active or not active, what's the Docker
status, messaging limit, what's the phone quality? Right. And all these
things are very important because it lets brands know how customers are
interacting with their messages. Because sometimes what happens,
customers also block you or mark you as spam, right? So it's very
important that you keep track of your overall health. And then this is
the Account Update Stream where brands can see updates on their account.
Because as the speaker said, if customers are marking you as spam or
blocking you, there will be some actions taken by the brand, right? And
this is where brands can track. For example, if I take this account
update as an event type, I can see what actions have been taken. So, I
can see there was some ban imposed on the account and then it's been in
state. Okay. On a specific date, right? Similarly, you can see other
updates as well. Okay. For example, somebody has, like there can be
multiple reports on marking this account as spam, right? So, you can see
there was some violation info and Meta has taken some action, right? So,
likewise brands can also track their accounts. Yeah. So, the speaker
believes that's it for this session. Thank you very much for joining.
See you in the next. Thank you.
